sponsorinfo.md, before:

![VTCC Logo](https://github.com/vtcodecamp/documents/blob/master/vtcclogo.jpg)

# Vermont Code Camp 2018<br/>Sponsor Information  
The 10th annual Vermont Code Camp will be held on September 15, 2018 in Burlington, Vermont.  

This full day event will bring together technology community members, students and professionals from around Vermont and beyond. A wide variety of software technologies will be represented, and session topics will likely include programming, databases, web and more.


Vermont Code Camp is free event for attendees and organized entirely by community volunteers, with the help of our sponsors.
Our 2017 event drew 250 attendees. We had 7 session slots throughout the day with 5 sessions running at any one time. You can see last year’s schedule at https://www.vtcodecamp.org/2017/schedule.  

WCAX visited during the day which was exciting. Co-organizer, Rob Hale, was interviewed about the event. You can see that clip here: http://www.wcax.com/content/news/A-tech-lovers-paradise-445146003.html 

While we keep our budget trim, we can’t pull off VT Code Camp without the financial support of our sponsors.
Sponsorship opportunities typically include:
* Feed us: sponsor breakfast, lunch or afternoon snacks
* Educate us: send books, mags, training to raffle
* Simplify our lives: send your great software to raffle
* Promote us: give us advertising space
* Entertain us: sponsor the post-event volunteer party
 
## Sponsorship Levels
* Premier: $1,000+ or significant in-kind donation
* Platinum: $750+
* Gold: $500+
* Silver: $250+
* Bronze: $100+
* Swag: Give-away items (e.g. books, bags, items to put in attendee bags, software licenses, other raffle items, etc.)  

## Our commitment to sponsors:
* Sponsor log and link on VTCodeCamp.org website under the relevant Sponsorship Section 
* Sponsor logo and link on meetup.com/vtcode website 
* Mention of sponsorship in multiple emails to meetup’s 2200+ members 
* Listing in printed materials provided to event attendees 
* Placement of materials (e.g. job listings, brochures, etc) on brochure table at event  
* For Platinum and Premier sponsors, placement of free-standing banner or logo or availability of a sponsor table at the event 
* Mention of all sponsors during opening remarks 
* Tweets mentioning designated sponsor twitter account with thanks for sponsorship from the @VTCodeCamp(twitter.com/vtcodecamp) account (900+ followers) and event organizers (total over 25,000 technical followers)  

With respect to swag, we can arrange someone to relay it the week of the event or you just bring it to the event.

Thank you for your interest and support.

 Rob Hale and Julie Lerman on behalf of the Vermont Code Camp team

Commit message:

Modify 2nd paragraph to represent a range of topics

sponsorinfo.md, after:

![VTCC Logo](https://github.com/vtcodecamp/documents/blob/master/vtcclogo.jpg)

# Vermont Code Camp 2018<br/>Sponsor Information  
The 10th annual Vermont Code Camp will be held on September 15, 2018 in Burlington, Vermont.  

This full day event will bring together technology community members, students and professionals from around Vermont and beyond. A wide variety of software technologies will be represented. Session topics typically range from software development (e.g. languages, tools, practices, databases, web development, etc.) to the business of software and technology (e.g. entrepreneurship, consulting, team dynamics, etc.).

Vermont Code Camp is free event for attendees and organized entirely by community volunteers, with the help of our sponsors.
Our 2017 event drew 250 attendees. We had 7 session slots throughout the day with 5 sessions running at any one time. You can see last year’s schedule at https://www.vtcodecamp.org/2017/schedule.  

WCAX visited during the day which was exciting. Co-organizer, Rob Hale, was interviewed about the event. You can see that clip here: http://www.wcax.com/content/news/A-tech-lovers-paradise-445146003.html 

While we keep our budget trim, we can’t pull off VT Code Camp without the financial support of our sponsors.
Sponsorship opportunities typically include:
* Feed us: sponsor breakfast, lunch or afternoon snacks
* Educate us: send books, mags, training to raffle
* Simplify our lives: send your great software to raffle
* Promote us: give us advertising space
* Entertain us: sponsor the post-event volunteer party
 
## Sponsorship Levels
* Premier: $1,000+ or significant in-kind donation
* Platinum: $750+
* Gold: $500+
* Silver: $250+
* Bronze: $100+
* Swag: Give-away items (e.g. books, bags, items to put in attendee bags, software licenses, other raffle items, etc.)  

## Our commitment to sponsors:
* Sponsor log and link on VTCodeCamp.org website under the relevant Sponsorship Section 
* Sponsor logo and link on meetup.com/vtcode website 
* Mention of sponsorship in multiple emails to meetup’s 2200+ members 
* Listing in printed materials provided to event attendees 
* Placement of materials (e.g. job listings, brochures, etc) on brochure table at event  
* For Platinum and Premier sponsors, placement of free-standing banner or logo or availability of a sponsor table at the event 
* Mention of all sponsors during opening remarks 
* Tweets mentioning designated sponsor twitter account with thanks for sponsorship from the @VTCodeCamp(twitter.com/vtcodecamp) account (900+ followers) and event organizers (total over 25,000 technical followers)  

With respect to swag, we can arrange someone to relay it the week of the event or you just bring it to the event.

Thank you for your interest and support.

 Rob Hale and Julie Lerman on behalf of the Vermont Code Camp team
